---
title: This Week I Learnt - May 10th - May 17th
date:  2021-05-10 07:37:02 +0530
---

Third post in This Week I Learnt (or Worked on) series.

## Open Source

Opened [PR #3697: Docs: Update use_precompiled.md](https://github.com/microsoft/AirSim/pull/3697) to update info about using the AirSim binaries including adding a way to limit the FPS.

Worked on the [Improving float array parser post]({% link _posts/2021-05-16-improved-parser.md %}). This also got me thinking about using TCP instead of UDP for the data transfer, for larger data packets, speed anyways isn't a bottleneck. Something to work on, though it'll break the compatibility between different versions of AirSim and ArduPilot, so likely will only be merged into the main projects if someone is having a problem with the lidar.

Not much else this week currently, had some exams.

## Academics

Started working on extending [Bottom-up Context-Sensitive Pointer Analysis for Java](https://web.eecs.umich.edu/~xwangsd/pubs/aplas15.pdf) to parallel programs by including MHP information given by a previous analysis. Some ideas have been discussed, but not confirmed, main problem is how to make the analysis as precise as possible while still being conservative considering all the possible interleavings of 2 parallel threads.

Wrote a post on [Exploring Linux Control Groups]({% link _posts/2021-05-15-exploring-linux-cgroups.md %}) for the Secure Systems Engineering course project which is on implementing [Houdini’s Escape: Breaking the Resource Rein of Linux Control Groups](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3319535.3354227)

Finally started on implementing the [Lab 3: Key-Value Service](http://nil.csail.mit.edu/6.824/2020/labs/lab-kvraft.html) of the Distributed Systems course. It'll likely be even tougher than the second lab.
